you are welcome
very happy to come to Monaco to
this club that is one of the biggest
from france and good to do the best
possible to win a place within the
court and between the sea
tn superheroes
and I spoke very little because everything was given very
fast but I did talk with don david me
I said let me explain how it was more or less the
club that he had lived in Carmona with
all their parents and their children live here
so talk very little but what I talked about
it was almost the whole club not like either
facilities professionalism the
change everything that is Argentine to
france so good happy and
hoping to be the best possible
and difficult is not going to be a change too
very big to what is Argentina here
but I do not think it's so difficult is what
The only thing I have is to get on par with
my classmates and well after being
what I have been doing in Argentina for
be within the court
messi maradona was my idol not as a boy
so I always do not know if he tried
imitate it but something more or less the
things that he does not will not leave me
same but I get pretty similar
If I really want to start
train and good to play is not what
I want to make barely any idea that
France did not want to start
train to play
up inside this court that is very
cute and put on my shirt if it comes
comes willing to that knowing that it's going to
be like that and well I know it will not be easy
but we will do everything possible to
for Monaco to return the first one to the
first division and we will be I think
from my part to at least give the best
possible for that to happen first that
thanks for the welcome is the cute
that you receive just arrivals and good
wait until when I am inside
the court should do their best
so good that they leave
happy about this court that is very
pretty and it serves us all
just play and have fun and take it with
the greatest possible responsibility does not
always serious on the court and that
when to win for the team's good
and he still told me no